{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Narrative\
Big Buildings? But why big? Why can't\'a0 they be normal? When would this city be set? Is it old? Is it new? Can it be posh? Why should it be posh? How big would this city be? Small, large?\
Is everything within it self? Or all together? Should it be hot? What's so good about hot? Is it possible to have a mood? Does there need to be a mood? Why should we have a mood? Is there a possibility that this change is good for the people? Would this change be good? Is the future what it should be like? Is it a spur of the moment thing? What could be good for the future? Is it an electric age? Is it a music age? Is it a science age? Can\'a0I change things any time? What kind of travel is it a\'a0space age or other type of place? Should we have different sectors, different styles? What\'a0should things be like bright or dark? Could we have magic? Why should we have magic? what's so good about it? Why is it interesting? Who should live there? Why should anyone live there? What if its all a dream? Can it be believable? Can this be what people want? Is it economic? Do we have solar panels? What if it's never sunny? What about waternomics? Do they even exist? They could? \'a0Maybe money isn't necessary? What if we do this all for nothing? What would we have then? Things that don't cost? WOW what has to work? But it might not?\
\'a0\
Visuals\
when a new question is posed then there is a change of imagery.\
like a house built from cards can change depending on amount of cards.\
Colourful.\
possibly black and white for the sadder images.\
Sounds\
Lively\
Sad\
Slow\
Soft\
all depending on what the image entails.\
\'a0\
Images\
\'a0\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}