{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Change is how we live.\
Evidence of this is all over countless pages of our history.\
It is needed in our lives, so we can all move forward.\
It also happens each and every day of our lives.\
From the minutes that ticks and the hours that pass.  \
 \
The causes of these changes are the decisions we make and it all impacts us in a certain way. The change may be simple, like the way some of us may decide to drink tea than the usual coffee we have every morning. Or the life changing, like the way some us decides on which subjects to take for higher education.\
 \
However, some changes don\'92t mean it\'92s only you. Therefore it is not only yourself that is going to be affected, it could also be the person sitting next to you right now, it could be the whole community your part of, possibly the whole country, or even the whole world itself. An example would be how we decide as a nation which person we choose to lead our country every four years. \
 \
Big or Small, change happens. Long term or short term, change happens. For the worst or for the best, change happens. Although, the changes which are noticed the most are the ones made by members of authority or the ones which involves a large mass of people.  Some of us may disagree about it, but never try to do anything about it. We have the power in our hands to do something however only some of us realize that opportunity and actually going for it. But do ever step back and try to question ourselves?\
 \
What if I\'92m making a big mistake?\
What if I\'92ve turned something that was already right into something wrong?\
What if I\'92ve done something that wouldn\'92t benefit the people after me?\
What if I touched something that shouldn\'92t be touched to begin with?\
What if I changed something that had beauty or purpose in itself, but failed to see it in the first place?\
 \
And why do we do it? Is it for someone else? Someone who\'92s close to our hearts perhaps? Is it for something that has value? Something like an irreplaceable object? Or is it for our own selfish reasons, something which we can confidently say \'93this is for me and only me\'94.\
 \
In the end, there will always be that one question in the back of our minds.\
How about if I got it all wrong?\
 }