{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Racists are so colour blind they can only see in black and white. Homophobics can't think straight. Sexists should clean up the world. I hope in the future the world is clean, we can all see in colour, the whole world accepts love of any kind. When we look at the world. When we see the changes that have already been made. I feel warm and happy inside. A mushy feeling. But there is a lot left to dream about. \
        In my future world everyone has equal rights. No one has to face prejudice, civil partnerships don't exist and marriages are for everyone. Religion doesn't cause war, there are no weapons because there will be no need for them. No one will be victims of abuse or neglect. Food will be available to everyone. \
     That's my dream. Reality could be so different...        But together we can make a Change.  \
\
Sometimes it falls upon a generation to be great you can be that great generation. \
\
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine. \
\
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always Remember, that you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars the change the world. \
\
\
I am not sure about the sound but for visuals I can sort of see Nelson mandela? Clouds. \
For racists one third of screen, black and white trees then we it says see in colour rainbow appears\
\
For Homophobics red straight line love is for everything waves.\
\
For sexists cleaning products- maybe one of the boys could pick it up and spay it virtually?  }